Added support for user phone number (#13930)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/1.7.0.md

Added support for complete two-factor authentication out of the box. [Click here](../reference/modules/Users/README.md) for more info.

> PhoneNumber is now supported in UserStore and the User object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A phone number is now supported in the `UserStore` and the `User` object.
```
